CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# Contributing to hhvm-autoload
We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as
possible.

## Our Development Process

All development is direclty on GitHub.

## Pull Requests
We actively welcome your pull requests.

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints.
6. If you haven't already, complete the Contributor License Agreement ("CLA").

## Contributor License Agreement ("CLA")
In order to accept your pull request, we need you to submit a CLA. You only need
to do this once to work on any of Facebook's open source projects.

Complete your CLA here: <https://code.facebook.com/cla>

## Issues
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Please ensure your description is
clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.

Facebook has a [bounty program](https://www.facebook.com/whitehat/) for the safe
disclosure of security bugs. In those cases, please go through the process
outlined on that page and do not file a public issue.

## Coding Style

Coding should match `hh_format`/`hackfmt` where practical; the key parts are:

* 2 spaces for indentation rather than tabs
* 80 character line length
* indent, don't align

## License

By contributing to hhvm-autoload, you agree that your contributions will be licensed
under the LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.

Commit message:

add probably-no-more-dependencies note to contributing.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# Contributing to hhvm-autoload
We want to make contributing to this project as easy and transparent as
possible.

## Our Development Process

All development is direclty on GitHub.

## Pull Requests
We actively welcome your pull requests.

1. Fork the repo and create your branch from `master`.
2. If you've added code that should be tested, add tests.
3. If you've changed APIs, update the documentation.
4. Ensure the test suite passes.
5. Make sure your code lints.
6. If you haven't already, complete the Contributor License Agreement ("CLA").

We are unlikely to accept pull requests that add additional dependencies;
this is because if `hhvm-autoload` depends on something, it effectively
pins the ecosystem to the current major version of that dependency, and
upgrading becomes extremely difficult.

## Contributor License Agreement ("CLA")
In order to accept your pull request, we need you to submit a CLA. You only need
to do this once to work on any of Facebook's open source projects.

Complete your CLA here: <https://code.facebook.com/cla>

## Issues
We use GitHub issues to track public bugs. Please ensure your description is
clear and has sufficient instructions to be able to reproduce the issue.

Facebook has a [bounty program](https://www.facebook.com/whitehat/) for the safe
disclosure of security bugs. In those cases, please go through the process
outlined on that page and do not file a public issue.

## Coding Style

Coding should match `hh_format`/`hackfmt` where practical; the key parts are:

* 2 spaces for indentation rather than tabs
* 80 character line length
* indent, don't align

## License

By contributing to hhvm-autoload, you agree that your contributions will be licensed
under the LICENSE file in the root directory of this source tree.
